== README

Make sure you have Ruby Version >= 2.2

Follow these steps to run the project 

* Clone the project 

<tt>git clone https://github.com/ramands/popxo.git</tt>

OR download the zip and extract it. 

* Install the gems required by the project

<tt>bundle install</tt>

* Create a database named souncloud. Run the following command in your mysql database tool

<tt>CREATE DATABASE souncloud</tt>

* Initialize the database by running the flollowing command in the terminal. (The database initialization is just used for rspec to work properly). 

<tt>rake db:migrate</tt>

* To run the project, run <tt>rails server</tt> from the terminal. (Make sure that the project root is your present working directory)

* Open the project in the browser by entering localhost:3000.

The homepage consists of the playlist of a user. By clicking any of the playlist, you will be shown the playlist details including the tracks that are present in that playlist.

To play a track, click any of the hyperlinked songs. You will be taken to another page where the soundcloud player widget will be embedded and the song will auto play. 

== NOTE
There might be few songs which are not hyperlinked. These are the songs that the user has not allowed to be embedded by anyone else.

== TEST CASES USING RSPEC

The test specs can be found in the <tt>specs</tt> folder under the <tt>controllers</tt> folder. 

There are two test exaples in each file. To run these test examples, run `bundle execute rspec` from the terminal. 
